Add initial cmd-template (#1)
networkservicemesh/cmd-template: PATTERN.md

# Intro

> cmd-forwarder-vppagent sets out a pattern for building other cmds in networkservicemesh.  This pattern is expected to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
App sets out a pattern for building other cmds in networkservicemesh.  This pattern is expected to
```

Author: Finally, PATTERN.md is excluded

if err := debug.Self(); err != nil {
	log.Entry(ctx).Infof("%s", err)
}
```

If the correct env variable is set, and dlv is installed, this will cause the cmd to exec dlv to debug itself.
If there is something that prevents debugging, the error message logged will provide sufficient info to enable doing so.

### Extract configuration from environment

The simplest way to extract configuration from the environment is [envconfig](https://github.com/kelseyhightower/envconfig).
It allows you to create a simple struct for your configuration, and in can unmarshal that from env variables.
envconfig's [supported field types](https://github.com/kelseyhightower/envconfig#supported-struct-field-types) include
anything that implements [encoding.TextUnmarshaler](https://golang.org/pkg/encoding/#TextUnmarshaler) and 
[encoding.BinaryUnmarshaler](https://golang.org/pkg/encoding/#BinaryUnmarshaler).  This allows native use of handy things
like url.URL and net.IP.  envconfig also interprets arrays as meaning that the env variable is a comma delimited list
of the type of the array.

[Example Config struct](https://github.com/networkservicemesh/cmd-forwarder-vppagent/blob/master/main.go#L46):
```go

> type Config struct {

Reviewer: Individual applications could have this changes, so best way is to make it empty? Thoughts

if err := envconfig.Process("nsm", config); err != nil {
	logrus.Fatalf("error processing config from env: %+v", err)
}
```

It is recommended you also [output the usage by default](https://github.com/networkservicemesh/cmd-forwarder-vppagent/blob/9a981c41e568582c3916f8143a826edcd7d8162e/main.go#L75):

```go
if err := envconfig.Usage("nsm", config); err != nil {
	logrus.Fatal(err)
}
```

to make it easier for users to see what their options are.  If at all possible, please provide either a usable default value
or intolerance to no value.  If a value truly is required, use the ['required' tag](https://github.com/kelseyhightower/envconfig#struct-tag-support).

### Get a X509Source
[Example](https://github.com/networkservicemesh/cmd-forwarder-vppagent/blob/9a981c41e568582c3916f8143a826edcd7d8162e/main.go#L88):
```go
	source, err := workloadapi.NewX509Source(ctx)
	if err != nil {
		logrus.Fatalf("error getting x509 source: %+v", err)
	}
```

### Setup other needed things

If you require a [vpp-agent](https://github.com/ligato/vpp-agent),
[Example](https://github.com/networkservicemesh/cmd-forwarder-vppagent/blob/9a981c41e568582c3916f8143a826edcd7d8162e/main.go#L84):
```go

> vppagentCC, vppagentErrCh := vppagent.StartAndDialContext(ctx)

Reviewer: This is not required.
